[CN-242] Add guide for scheduling configuration (#7)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/scheduling-configuration.adoc

> = Configure scheduling policy for Hazelcast instances

Author: Good point. However, I think 'Configuring the Scheduler' is not a correct term either, because when you setup your Kubernetes environment, you 'configure the scheduler' by passing some program arguments to master. 
As far as I understand, the official docs use 'scheduling pods' for assigning pods to nodes, this is what we use here. 
What do you think about 'Configure Scheduling of Hazelcast Pods'?

> = Configure scheduling policy for Hazelcast instances

Reviewer: Or just 'Scheduling Hazelcast Pods'?

:description:

Kubernetes allows scheduling policies for the Pods.
Hazelcast Platform operator also accepts same policies to explicitly allow or disallow certain scheduling policies.
Detailed documentation about scheduling policies can be found link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/[here].

{description}

== Node Selector

> The users can specify node selector to define on which nodes Hazelcast instances run.

Author: I agree that this is better. I have only one suggestion.
Isn't PodSpec from Core API? I think we need to use our field `scheduling`.

> The users can specify node selector to define on which nodes Hazelcast instances run.

Reviewer: We can also just remove the `of...`. Maybe mentioning the field name is enough?

The labels in node selector will match the node's label.

> For example, we want to run our Hazelcast instances on specific region (e.g us-west1).

Author: Again, PodSpec

The example:

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/node-selector.yaml[]
----

Node selectors are hard requirements. If there is no node to match all of the selectors, then
the Hazelcast instances will not be scheduled.

More information about node selectors can be found link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector[here].

== Node Affinity

> The users can specify node affinity to define which nodes will run Hazelcast instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node affinity allows you to define both hard and soft requirements for the nodes on which pods should run. For example, you can set a hard requirement for Hazelcast pods to run only on nodes with AMD64 architecture
and Linux operating system, and a soft requirement to prefer nodes in us-west1 or us-west2 regions.

NOTE: This example is not supported by the node selector because of the soft requirement.

To define a node affinity, use the `nodeAffinity` field of PodSpec.
```

> Nodes with specified labels are allowed to run them. Compared to node selectors, node affinity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> allow users to additionally define soft requirements, and more complex label matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Added this to the introduction where we introduce the difference among all options.

> Let's assume following scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We are running a multi-region Kubernetes cluster with different architectures (`amd64`, `arm64` etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> and different operating system (`Linux`, `Windows`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We want to schedule Hazelcast instances only on nodes with AMD64 architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> and Linux operating system because other variants are mostly used for other tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We also want to prefer nodes in us-west1 or us-west2 regions because other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> applications which use Hazelcast are also in these regions so we want close proximity,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> but this is not a hard requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The scenario above is not supported by node selector because we have `OR` in one of requirements and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> we have a hard requirement with an additional soft one. Node affinity allows us to manage it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The example below will satisfy the scenario above:

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/node-affinity.yaml[]
----

More information about node affinity can be found link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#node-affinity[here].

== Pod Affinity and Pod Anti-Affinity

> The users can also specify pod affinity and anti-affinity to define on which nodes Hazelcast instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify pod affinity and pod anti-affinity to define on which nodes Hazelcast instances
```

run with respect to other pods.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For example, we want to run Hazelcast instances on the same nodes with the pods of Deployment `app1` because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you may want to run Hazelcast pods on the same nodes as the pods of Deployment `app1` because
```

> its performance improves if they are co-located. We also prefer the Hazelcast instances run on different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your application's performance will be improved if the pods are co-located. You may also prefer that Hazelcast pods run on different
```

> nodes with respect to each other but since there might be small of number of nodes, we do not want block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nodes with respect to each other but since there might be small number of nodes, you don't want to block
```

> the scheduling if the number of Hazelcast instances are greater than the number of nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the scheduler if the number of Hazelcast pods is greater than the number of nodes.
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/pod-affinity.yaml[]
----

More information about node affinity can be found link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#inter-pod-affinity-and-anti-affinity[here].

== Tolerations

Tolerations and corresponding taints are mechanisms to repel pods from certain nodes.
Nodes can be tainted with key, value and particular effect.

> Let's run the following to taint the node node1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example taints the node `node1`:
```

[source,shell]
----
kubectl taint nodes node1 forbidden:NoSchedule
----

> Following configuration cannot schedule any Hazelcast instance into the node `node1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following configuration cannot schedule any Hazelcast pods on `node1`:
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/hazelcast.yaml[]
----

> We need to add tolerations to our Hazelcast pods. It will allow the pods to run on the node `node1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow the pods to run on the node `node1`, you need to add tolerations to the Hazelcast pods:
```
